associations often sections i'm here
today to thank you to vote besides phila
70 senate bill 72 rebuilds pen action to
tell you Louisiana Science Education Act
is not about promoting log in science
education it is a thinly disguised
effort to inject non-scientific idea
especially related to creationism and
intelligent design into science class
range our Louisiana Department of
Education designed a curriculum for
science classes based on national
science standards Louisiana science
standards and grade level expectations
to ensure that our Louisiana students
get a good grounding in science we have
outstanding science teachers in this
study and for the most part they do a
terrific job we desperately need a
scientifically literate population where
confessed economically and culturally
and gain respect from the rest of the
country the effect of Senate bill 70
would be to restore the ability of our
Department of Education their good side
continue to ensure the lines of hopwell
incorrectly the Leca has passed over the
stringless objections of scientists and
science teachers not so very proud than
our Louisiana students have taken over
the battle to ensure that good science
is taught in Louisiana think we're doing
something right leadership see Louisiana
Science Education Act opens the door for
anyone who wants to present unverified
unproven ibss science do we really want
our students to learn about UFOs instead
of the kingdoms of living things about
astrology and fortune-telling instead of
astronomy and about creationism instead
of evolution of course not Dora we in
the business of teaching our students
about religious beliefs in science class
whether those beliefs are Christians
Buddhists local or Native American
creation stories neither do we attack
our skin of religious beliefs we simply
deal in science and what he spectacle
premier 51 and in what they're only ones
I georgius not tested and shown to be
true we do not teach them about untested
unproven ideas I have personally a
religious person and my own Presbyterian
Church was not by the conflict between
science and religion as far as I'm
personally concerned evolution is how
life developed under and goddess was
that that belief has no place in my
biology class Louisiana Family Forum
pushed the science education act upon it
particularly fundamentalist Christianity
should be allowed presented in the
classroom the large group of religious
leaders including the Pope do not agree
they support the teaching of evolution
and understand the danger of imposing
one group's ideas on the general public
I group of Pope John Paul the second he
said the bible does not wish to teach
how heaven was made but how it goes to
heaven please keep suicides out of
science class and protect the hard work
with the lue has done in promulgating
standards chiles and the company is
correct when referencing the best ideas
of teachers and scientists it is crucial
that our science students understand the
nature science and health science
develops here is something the
overwhelming majority of scientists
agree on there is no reasonable
scientific case for intelligent design
or for any other form of creationism ism
as an alternative to biological
evolution Jerry no controversy and
nothing incredible against evolution to
present a science class for those who
ask when I teach both sides of science
quest here's the answer from Project
2061 by triple is the American
Association for the Advancement of
science first presenting non-scientific
views of the science classroom is bound
to confuse students about what is an end
of science as how on us students are
expressing reduced enthusiasm for
science diet even when scientists are
retiring in growing numbers and
international students are returning
home to work America can ill afford to
risk compromising the integrity of the
science education second it would be
unfair to position us with only one
religious viewpoint not all others and
with them reasonable to ask teachers of
science try to teach religion in science
classes the clergy project is exact
already mentioned says we believe that
the theory of evolution is foundational
scientific truth when it is stood up to
regular to rigorous scrutiny and upon
which much of human knowledge and
achievement rest to reject this truth
are you treated in one theory among
others is to deliver
great scientific interests and
transmitted such a box truck sugar in
conclusion in today's society scientific
literacy is crucial from citizens of
tomorrow and any attempts to interject
non-science into the science classroom
are reprehensible and do the citizens
Louisiana terrible to service the
Science Education Act which opened the
door for non-science to enter the
science classroom is a very bad law
another tremendous damage during a
presentation once again Louisiana Family
Forum has no expertise in science and
education and the legislation does our
state and our students a serious service
we allow them to the teaching of science
please rely on the experts in science in
an education to determine what is
pictured science class and television
and listen to the voices that our
students added two hours please vote for
Senate bill 72 reveal the science
education